Plans for container-image-podman extension (#183)
quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-plans: QQE-833.md

> # QUARKUS-833 Introduce container-image-podman extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# QQE-833 Introduce container-image-podman extension
```

JIRA link: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/QQE-833

> Test plan covers new Quarkus extension,`container-image-podman`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test plan covers initial experiments with `quarkus-container-image-podman` extension, no concrete product requirements were expressed by PM yet.
```
